Add contribution guides (#35)
cct-datascience/group-procedures: contributing.qmd

### Suggesting a change

To suggest a change, click the "Report an issue" link on any page or go to the [GitHub repository]({{< meta book.repo-url >}}) and open an issue.

### Small edits

To make an edit directly on GitHub, click the "{{< fa brands github >}} Edit this page" link on any page. This will open a page where you can make edits. When you are done, click the green "Commit changes..." button.  If you do not have the ability to push directly to the repo it may prompt you to create a fork and submit changes as a pull request.

### More substantial edits or new sections

To make more extensive edits or to add new sections, it's probably best if you fork and clone the GitHub repository for this book and work on it on your computer using either RStudio or VSCode where you can take advantage of the [visual markdown editor](https://quarto.org/docs/visual-editor/) for Quarto.

If you are an R user, there are some helpful functions in the [`usethis` package](https://usethis.r-lib.org/index.html) that can help with this workflow.

1. Use `usethis::create_from_github("{{< meta book.repo-url >}}")` to fork and clone the repository.[^1]

> 2. Use `usethis::pr_init("name-of-my-branch)` to create a new branch for your changes.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Use `usethis::pr_init("name-of-my-branch")` to create a new branch for your changes.
```

3. Edit existing .qmd, .md, or .Rmd files or create new ones.
4. If you've created a new file, be sure to add the path to it as a chapter in `_quarto.yml`.
5. Preview your changes by running `quarto preview` in the terminal.
6. Commit your changes with git.

> 7. Push your changes to GitHub and open a pull request with `usethis::pr_push()`.

Author: ```suggestion
7. Use `usethis::pr_push()` to push your changes and open a pull request.
```
